Add S3 support and refactor related code for improved modularity (#1472)
foxglove/mcap: website/docs/guides/cli.md

<!-- cspell: enable -->

S3 support now includes **public buckets**.  
When accessing S3 objects, the program first attempts an **anonymous connection**.  
If that fails (for example, for private buckets), it will automatically try to use **local AWS credentials** found on your system (as configured for the AWS CLI).

For public buckets, you still need to specify the correct AWS region.  
Example:

```bash

> AWS_REGION=eu-north-1 mcap info s3://my-public-bucket/demo.mcap

Reviewer: To keep this evergreen I think it'd be better just to say something simple like this:

```suggestion
#### AWS S3

When reading from S3 you must specify the region of the bucket:

```bash
AWS_REGION=eu-north-1 mcap info s3://my-public-bucket/demo.mcap
```
